Create SECURITY.md (#6009)
PostHog/posthog: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

We always recommend using the latest version of PostHog to ensure you get all security updates.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

Please report security vulnerabilities to hey@posthog.com.

> We currently do not operate a bounty hunt, but we well generously reward you with merch for any actionable security vulnerabilities found!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We currently do not operate a bug bounty program, but we will generously reward you with merch for any actionable security vulnerabilities found.
```
